Didn't your mother teach you that people are distinguished and inferior?
Didn't they teach you about class differences?
Haven't I taught you yet?
There is no difference between rich and poor
There are high and low?
Nini, are you alright?
I tried everything.
Let's go home.
Let's go
What do you want?
You are restricting the freedom of life
Limit life freedom
Obviously, you broke into the Luo family first
What do you think of the Luo family?
The Luo family is here if you want
Is it a place to go if you want?
How do you sign up?
Apologize for what?
Obviously, he fell into the water and pushed me first
And you just hit someone
Why am I a daughter of the family?
And you're just a nanny's daughter
I think we are rich
And you are poor
Just listen to me and you can cross Jiangzhou
Lie to me in this powerless place
Sure enough, there must be a mother
Ah no